Template documentation update (#241)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack: template/README.md

*Tokens can be used to access UI (different access level depends on role)

## Minio

> Minio S3 can be used as a registry(docker registry, nexus, s3, etc...) to push, pull and store resources for further deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minio S3 can be used as a general artifact repository while building and testing within the scope of the vagrantbox to push, pull and store resources for further deployments.
```
